Lukem/index page builders (#208)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/toolkit/ethereum-api/index.md

---
title: Ethereum API

> description: Learn how to interact with your Tanssi EVM-compatible network through the Ethereum API with different Ethereum tools like Remix, Hardhat, Foundry, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to interact with your Tanssi EVM-compatible network through the Ethereum API with different development environments, libraries, and more.
```
